================================ ================================
Deprecated Name                  New Name
================================ ================================
fitz.Document.adOCG              fitz.Document.add_ocg
fitz.Document.chapterCount       fitz.Document.chapter_count
fitz.Document.chapterPageCount   fitz.Document.chapter_page_count
fitz.Document.convertToPDF       fitz.Document.convert_to_pdf
fitz.Document.copyPage           fitz.Document.copy_page
fitz.Document.deletePage         fitz.Document.delete_page
fitz.Document.deletePageRange    fitz.Document.delete_pages
fitz.Document.embeddedFileAdd    fitz.Document.embfile_add
fitz.Document.embeddedFileCount  fitz.Document.embfile_count
fitz.Document.embeddedFileDel    fitz.Document.embfile_del
fitz.Document.embeddedFileGet    fitz.Document.embfile_get
fitz.Document.embeddedFileInfo   fitz.Document.embfile_info
fitz.Document.embeddedFileNames  fitz.Document.embfile_names
fitz.Document.embeddedFileUpd    fitz.Document.embfile_upd
fitz.Document.extractFont        fitz.Document.extract_font
fitz.Document.extractImage       fitz.Document.extract_image
fitz.Document.findBookmark       fitz.Document.find_bookmark
fitz.Document.fullcopyPage       fitz.Document.fullcopy_page
fitz.Document.getCharWidths      fitz.Document.get_char_widths
fitz.Document.getOCGs            fitz.Document.get_ocgs
fitz.Document.getPageFontList    fitz.Document.get_page_fonts
fitz.Document.getPageImageList   fitz.Document.get_page_images
fitz.Document.getPagePixmap      fitz.Document.get_page_pixmap
fitz.Document.getPageText        fitz.Document.get_page_text
fitz.Document.getPageXObjectList fitz.Document.get_page_xobjects
fitz.Document.getSigFlags        fitz.Document.get_sigflags
fitz.Document.getToC             fitz.Document.get_toc
fitz.Document.getXmlMetadata     fitz.Document.get_xml_metadata
fitz.Document.insertPage         fitz.Document.insert_page
fitz.Document.insertPDF          fitz.Document.insert_pdf
fitz.Document.isDirty            fitz.Document.is_dirty
fitz.Document.isFormPDF          fitz.Document.is_form_pdf
fitz.Document.isPDF              fitz.Document.is_pdf
fitz.Document.isReflowable       fitz.Document.is_reflowable
fitz.Document.isRepaired         fitz.Document.is_repaired
fitz.Document.isStream           fitz.Document.is_stream
fitz.Document.lastLocation       fitz.Document.last_location
fitz.Document.loadPage           fitz.Document.load_page
fitz.Document.makeBookmark       fitz.Document.make_bookmark
fitz.Document.metadataXML        fitz.Document.xref_xml_metadata
fitz.Document.movePage           fitz.Document.move_page
fitz.Document.needsPass          fitz.Document.needs_pass
fitz.Document.newPage            fitz.Document.new_page
fitz.Document.nextLocation       fitz.Document.next_location
fitz.Document.pageCount          fitz.Document.page_count
fitz.Document.pageCropBox        fitz.Document.page_cropbox
fitz.Document.pageXref           fitz.Document.page_xref
fitz.Document.PDFCatalog         fitz.Document.pdf_catalog
fitz.Document.PDFTrailer         fitz.Document.pdf_trailer
fitz.Document.previousLocation   fitz.Document.prev_location
fitz.Document.resolveLink        fitz.Document.resolve_link
fitz.Document.searchPageFor      fitz.Document.search_page_for
fitz.Document.setLanguage        fitz.Document.set_language
fitz.Document.setMetadata        fitz.Document.set_metadata
fitz.Document.setToC             fitz.Document.set_toc
fitz.Document.setXmlMetadata     fitz.Document.set_xml_metadata
fitz.Document.updateObject       fitz.Document.update_object
fitz.Document.updateStream       fitz.Document.update_stream
fitz.Document.xrefLength         fitz.Document.xref_length
fitz.Document.xrefObject         fitz.Document.xref_object
fitz.Document.xrefStream         fitz.Document.xref_stream
fitz.Document.xrefStreamRaw      fitz.Document.xref_stream_raw
fitz.Page._isWrapped             fitz.Page.is_wrapped
fitz.Page.cleanContents          fitz.Page.clean_contents
fitz.Page.CropBox                fitz.Page.cropbox
fitz.Page.CropBoxPosition        fitz.Page.cropbox_position
fitz.Page.deleteAnnot            fitz.Page.delete_annot
fitz.Page.deleteLink             fitz.Page.delete_link
fitz.Page.deleteWidget           fitz.Page.delete_widget
fitz.Page.derotationMatrix       fitz.Page.derotation_matrix
fitz.Page.drawBezier             fitz.Page.draw_bezier
fitz.Page.drawCircle             fitz.Page.draw_circle
fitz.Page.drawCurve              fitz.Page.draw_curve
fitz.Page.drawLine               fitz.Page.draw_line
fitz.Page.drawOval               fitz.Page.draw_oval
fitz.Page.drawPolyline           fitz.Page.draw_polyline
fitz.Page.drawQuad               fitz.Page.draw_quad
fitz.Page.drawRect               fitz.Page.draw_rect
fitz.Page.drawSector             fitz.Page.draw_sector
fitz.Page.drawSquiggle           fitz.Page.draw_squiggle
fitz.Page.drawZigzag             fitz.Page.draw_zigzag
fitz.Page.firstAnnot             fitz.Page.first_annot
fitz.Page.firstLink              fitz.Page.first_link
fitz.Page.firstWidget            fitz.Page.first_widget
fitz.Page.getContents            fitz.Page.get_contents
fitz.Page.getDisplayList         fitz.Page.get_displaylist
fitz.Page.getDrawings            fitz.Page.get_drawings
fitz.Page.getFontList            fitz.Page.get_fonts
fitz.Page.getImageBbox           fitz.Page.get_image_bbox
fitz.Page.getImageList           fitz.Page.get_images
fitz.Page.getLinks               fitz.Page.get_links
fitz.Page.getPixmap              fitz.Page.get_pixmap
fitz.Page.getSVGimage            fitz.Page.get_svg_image
fitz.Page.getText                fitz.Page.get_text
fitz.Page.getTextBlocks          fitz.Page.get_text_blocks
fitz.Page.getTextbox             fitz.Page.get_textbox
fitz.Page.getTextPage            fitz.Page.get_textpage
fitz.Page.getTextWords           fitz.Page.get_text_words
fitz.Page.insertFont             fitz.Page.insert_font
fitz.Page.insertImage            fitz.Page.insert_image
fitz.Page.insertLink             fitz.Page.insert_link
fitz.Page.insertText             fitz.Page.insert_text
fitz.Page.insertTextbox          fitz.Page.insert_textbox
fitz.Page.loadAnnot              fitz.Page.load_annot
fitz.Page.loadLinks              fitz.Page.load_links
fitz.Page.MediaBox               fitz.Page.mediabox
fitz.Page.MediaBoxSize           fitz.Page.mediabox_size
fitz.Page.newShape               fitz.Page.new_shape
fitz.Page.readContents           fitz.Page.read_contents
fitz.Page.rotationMatrix         fitz.Page.rotation_matrix
fitz.Page.searchFor              fitz.Page.search_for
fitz.Page.setCropBox             fitz.Page.set_cropbox
fitz.Page.setMediaBox            fitz.Page.set_mediabox
fitz.Page.setRotation            fitz.Page.set_rotation
fitz.Page.showPDFpage            fitz.Page.show_pdf_page
fitz.Page.transformationMatrix   fitz.Page.transformation_matrix
fitz.Page.updateLink             fitz.Page.update_link
fitz.Page.wrapContents           fitz.Page.wrap_contents
fitz.Page.writeText              fitz.Page.write_text
fitz.Annot.getText               fitz.utils.getText
fitz.Annot.getTextbox            fitz.utils.getTextbox
fitz.Annot.fileGet               fitz.Annot.get_file
fitz.Annot.fileUpd               fitz.Annot.update_file
fitz.Annot.getPixmap             fitz.Annot.get_pixmap
fitz.Annot.getTextPage           fitz.Annot.get_textpage
fitz.Annot.lineEnds              fitz.Annot.line_ends
fitz.Annot.setBlendMode          fitz.Annot.set_blendmode
fitz.Annot.setBorder             fitz.Annot.set_border
fitz.Annot.setColors             fitz.Annot.set_colors
fitz.Annot.setFlags              fitz.Annot.set_flags
fitz.Annot.setInfo               fitz.Annot.set_info
fitz.Annot.setLineEnds           fitz.Annot.set_line_ends
fitz.Annot.setName               fitz.Annot.set_name
fitz.Annot.setOpacity            fitz.Annot.set_opacity
fitz.Annot.setRect               fitz.Annot.set_rect
fitz.Annot.setOC                 fitz.Annot.set_oc
fitz.Annot.soundGet              fitz.Annot.get_sound
fitz.TextWriter.writeText        fitz.TextWriter.write_text
fitz.TextWriter.fillTextbox      fitz.TextWriter.fill_textbox
================================ ================================
